Visa Direct - Purpose of payment (#188)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/resources/credits/credits.md

{{% regex_optional %}}Optional{{% /regex_optional %}}
{{% /description_details %}}

{{% description_term %}}purpose_of_payment {{% regex %}}[A-Z]{6}{{% /regex %}}{{% /description_term %}}
{{% description_details %}} The fields code shall reflect the nature and purpose of the transaction.

> Valid codes are list in Visas Purpose of Payment - Standardized Codes List.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid codes are list in Visa's Purpose of Payment - Standardized Codes List.
```

> {{% regex_optional %}} Required for outbound transactions sent into Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile, Columbia, Egypt, India and Mexico. {{% /regex_optional %}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% regex_optional %}} Required for cross-border transactions destined for Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile, Columbia, Egypt, India and Mexico. {{% /regex_optional %}}
```

I would probably have gone with `cross-border` instead and think `into` is somewhat off :shrug:

Author: I updated the text here.
https://github.com/clearhaus/gateway-api-docs/pull/188/commits/2593828f3a0a4205009fddcd389921740045b7a1

> {{% regex_optional %}} Required for Visa cross-border transactions destined for Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile, Columbia, Egypt, India and Mexico. {{% /regex_optional %}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% regex_optional %}}Required for Visa cross-border transactions destined for some specific countries; otherwise optional. See the partner guideline for details.{{% /regex_optional %}}
```

Maybe? 😬
